Create a new Ginkgo Executor (#1)
kubeshop/testkube-executor-ginkgo: README.md

![Testkube Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubeshop/testkube/main/assets/testkube-color-gray.png)
                                                           
# Welcome to testkube Ginkgo Executor

> Kubetest Ginkgo Executor is test executor for [testkube](https://testkube.io)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubetest Ginkgo Executor is a test executor for [testkube](https://testkube.io).
```

# Issues and enchancements 

> Please follow to main testkube repository for reporting any [issues](https://github.com/kubeshop/testkube/issues) or [discussions](https://github.com/kubeshop/testkube/discussions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please visit the main Testkube repository for reporting any [issues](https://github.com/kubeshop/testkube/issues) or [discussions](https://github.com/kubeshop/testkube/discussions).
```

* `GinkgoLabelFilter`, default: `""`, usage: `--label-filter QUERY`
* `GinkgoFocusFilter`, default: `""`, usage: `--focus REGEXP`
* `GinkgoSkipFilter`, default: `""`, usage: `--skip REGEXP`
* `GinkgoUntilItFails`, default: `""`, usage: `--until-it-fails`
* `GinkgoRepeat`, default: `""`, usage: `--repeat N`
* `GinkgoFlakeAttempts`, default: `""`, usage: `--flake-attempts N`
* `GinkgoTimeout`, default: `""`, usage: `--timeout=duration`
* `GinkgoSkipPackage`, default: `""`, usage: `--skip-package list,of,packages`
* `GinkgoFailFast`, default: `""`, usage: `--fail-fast`
* `GinkgoKeepGoing`, default: `""`, usage: `--keep-going`
* `GinkgoFailOnPending`, default: `""`, usage: `--fail-on-pending`
* `GinkgoCover`, default: `""`, usage: `--cover`
* `GinkgoCoverProfile`, default: `""`, usage: `--coverprofile cover.profile`
* `GinkgoRace`, default: `""`, usage: `--race`
* `GinkgoTrace`, default: `"--trace"`
* `GinkgoJsonReport`, default: `""`, usage: `--json-report report.json`
* `GinkgoJunitReport`, default: `"--junit-report report.xml"`
* `GinkgoTeamCityReport`, default: `""`, usage: `--teamcity-report report.teamcity`

### Pass-through args to Ginkgo:

> Add `--args '--base-url=example.com --some-arg=value'` to `kubectl testkuve run test` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add `--args '--base-url=example.com --some-arg=value'` to `kubectl testkube run test` command.
```

### Example CLI Test Execution Calls
* `kubectl testkube run test ginkgo-test -f` : Executes the testkube named `ginkgo-test` and will run (recursively, with -r flag) all Ginkgo tests within the repo.
* `kubectl testkube run test ginkgo-test -f -v GinkgoTestPackage=e2e` : Executes the testkube named `ginkgo-test` and overrides `GinkgoTestPackage` to run the `e2e` package in the repo.
* `kubectl testkube run test ginkgo-test -f -v GinkgoSkipPackage="--skip-package other,other2" -v GinkgoParallel=""` : Executes the testkube and skips packages named `other` and `other2`, as well as turns _off_ Parallel Execution.
* `kubectl testkube run test ginkgo-test -f -v GinkgoTestPackage=e2e ---args '--base-url=example.com'` : Executes the e2e test package and provies a passthrough arg named `base-url` set to `example.com`.

## Architecture

- TODO add architecture diagrams

## API 

> Cypress executor implements [testkube OpenAPI for executors](https://kubeshop.github.io/testkube/openapi/#operations-tag-executor) (look at executor tag)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cypress executor implements [testkube OpenAPI for executors](https://kubeshop.github.io/testkube/openapi/#operations-tag-executor) (look at executor tag).
```
